# Phase 1 Design Questions

Which part(s) of the program are responsible for reading the contents of the
starting directory?
ImageManger

What happens when a new tag is created?
-A new tag object will be created, new tag will be stored in the Image object.

Which class is keeping track of the association between tags and files?
-The Image object will have an ArrayList to keep track of the current tags; 
 log object in   the Image object will have the history of all tags.

Which class will keep track of all the images?
- The image manager has an array list of all the images. 

Which class will communicate with the GUI regarding the images?
- The image manager has an array list of all the images. It will be communicating with the 
  GUI

What happens if there is no log file?
-If the program does not contain a log file for the image, an empty log object will be created. The log object is written to a new file when the program is closed.

When should the log class update the log file?
-How many log files would we need in total?
One per Image object, each image will have their own log object which will refer to a log file.

How does the user add new images?
-This is not mentioned in the specification of the program, but one way is for the user to provide a path to the new image and the ImageManger will create a new image object.

What happens if two images have the same names?
-Output an error message to the user, suggest alternate names to user.

How are the images with specific tags returned?
-Check the tags of each Image, add Images that has the specific tag(s) to a list, return the list, pass to GUI to display the images. 

How do we store the times in the log files?
- Check out java Timestamp
What happens if the image name has the @ symbol? Ex: my@email.com receipt?

What happens if the tag has the @ symbol? Ex: @R@dParty?

What happens when a new directory is chosen?

Should we allow " @" when renaming images or adding tags?
No, if we detect " @", we request the user to choose another name.

Should we allow users to rename tags when renaming images?

When renaming images, what is displayed? The raw image name, or the image name without tags?

What class is responsible for adding and removing tags? What is the pathway from the user?

What happens when an image is renamed to an already existing name?

What happens when a link between an image and its log is broken? IE, one gets deleted or moved

How does the user get the history of a single image?

How does the user get all past logs?

How will logs be named? Will tags also be included in logs?


